hey what's up are you struggling to get
views on your reels has your engagement
on Instagram generally gone down well
stick around because in this video I'm
going to share my 10 essential
ingredients for a successful reel number
one first and foremost always always
always use closed captioning on your
reels depending on what study you look
at roughly 60 of Instagram users watch
on mute that's very different than here
on YouTube where most people are going
to be watching what their sound turned
on on Instagram it's not the same and so
you need to add closed captions onto
your own videos Instagram has been
working on an automatic closed captions
feature but I'm gonna be honest with you
adding your own closed captions can be
an even better option because then you
guarantee what the closed captions say
are actually what you spoke and number
two you can make the text of the closed
captions more engaging than just the
basic automatic generated closed
captions the easiest way to add closed
captions to your Instagram videos is
just to use the captions sticker that
Instagram provides but if you don't have
access to that or can't figure out how
to use it I also recommend using the
captions app or the cap cut app my
second tip for you is to have a cut
every two seconds this is sometimes
referred to as the two second rule and
if you watch any movie or TV show they
follow the same principle every two
seconds there's a cut a cut a cut a
transition the camera angle is changing
the background is changing the lighting
is changing the clothes are changing the
person speaking is changing having that
many Cuts in your video helps people
stay paying attention and watching your
video for the entire duration of the
Reel tip number three is add text to the
important moments but be careful of text
overload I like to say that you should
never have more than two pieces of text
on the screen out of time let's say you
had closed captions at the bottom of the
screen and a title at the top of the
screen and some random piece of text
over here and a reminder over here and
your call to action over here it's just
too much and you're going to overwhelm
and frustrate your audience so add text
to important moments to grab people's
attention and to really emphasize
certain points you're trying to make in
your video but don't overdo the text
speaking of text be mindful of your
placement don't put any text or anything
important at the very top or the very
bottom of your video be mindful of the
sides and honestly try to keep
everything in the center 4x5 rectangle
also be mindful of the placement of
different text based off its purpose
titles headlines and labels generally go
above the person speaking in the video
while captions subtitles and other
information generally go below the
person speaking my fifth tip is that
trending songs and popular audios can be
helpful for getting more views and
reaching more people especially if you
get ahead of the trend and you use it
before it blows up but they're not
necessarily the best thing educational
reels direct to camera reels like the
video I'm recording right now
storytelling reels these can oftentimes
be more powerful for building trust
growing followers and creating a sense
of community on your profile my sixth
tip is what some of my followers like to
call the mini skirt Theory which is that
your video should be as short as it
needs to be to hold people's attention
but as long as it needs to be to cover
what you need to cover generally
speaking shorter videos are going to
perform better because people have short
attention spans and so if you can make a
shorter video do it if you can be more
concise do it if you can eliminate um's
errors Oz pauses and redundancy within
your videos that would be really
beneficial for your reels I know
Instagram allows you to go up to 90
seconds but that doesn't mean that you
should my seventh tip is to level up
your overall quality with better
lighting with better microphones with
better editing and transitions these
aren't absolutely necessary for your
reels especially when you're first
getting started but as you start to get
better and as you start to reach more
people and as you're trying to take your
reels to the next level consider adding
things like a microphone Advanced
lighting or even hiring an Editor to cut
up your reels and put them all together
my eighth tip is to put more thought
into your covers also known as your
thumbnails for your reels of course this
isn't going to make necessarily a
drastic difference in your views or
engagement but but over time it can make
a big difference on how your profile
appears and how easy your followers can
find your content in the future my ninth
tip is about your captions generally
speaking people aren't reading captions
like they used to according to our
research over 40 of people don't read
captions at all and only about three
percent of people will read past the
second paragraph of your caption so it's
best to speak what you want to say if
you want to get a point across share
some tips share some knowledge tell a
story then do that in the video rather
than typing it out in the caption think
about it all day long we're watching
videos we're consuming content but we
don't necessarily want to stop and read
paragraph after paragraph So generally
speaking try to keep your captions short
and if you can ask a question or put a
call to action in your caption right at
the top so that people are more likely
to act tip number 10 is to share your
reel to your story because stories views
counts as soon as your reel starts
playing on your story or anyone else's
story that view is added to the total it
doesn't matter if they they click on the
reel it doesn't matter if they watch it
for three seconds second the video
starts playing the view is counted so
that's why I recommend always sharing
your reel to your story but when you do
don't cover it up with a sticker don't
try to trick people into clicking on it
add a real reason for people to watch
the full video add some sort of
curiosity or a question or a poll that
encourages people to click on the video
and get the answer or hear the full
story or just watch the video all the
way to the end and if you found this
video helpful do me a favor and press
that thumbs up button and don't forget
to subscribe for more content just like
this on growing on social media making
money online and building your following